I know you searched this Bible Jade Ruyi
Specially brought it to Can'er as a birthday gift
Just to tell you who is behind Can'er
Oh listen to what you mean
This wife who has been swept out of the house depends on it.
Is it you, the chairperson of Huacan Group?
Exactly.
I'll fuck you.
Do you think we are fools?
Fool us here
Really blind?
Your lies have been exposed
Don't be unrepentant
Take the money and don't talk nonsense with them
You quickly kneel down and kowtow to me and apologize
Then get out of here with this old thing
Don't be embarrassed here
I told you before.
I can't be wrong.
I don't know good or bad
Do it!
shot
You two just look at your own brother like this
What kind of brother are you being bullied by?
We only have one brother
That is Xiaoli and Aunt Liu
He's my real mother.
We're family.
This is the good daughter taught by the Jiang family
Hmph, what a white-eyed wolf
Mom didn't take care of us
On the contrary, Aunt Liu has been taking care of us
Is there anything wrong with us treating him like a mother?
Do you recognize me as a grandfather?